Creators: Chirag Kikkeri, Siddharth Sharma, Tyler Gall 

To run our program, first pull the repository. Then, type in “make” in the command line. Once the files compile, type ./main to run main, which includes the tests. For our algorithms, we have initialized two graphs. One is a sample graph (fg_small) that contains 6 airports and 10 routes. A visualization of this sample graph is in Sample Flights Map.PNG. Our second graph is the large graph (fg_large), that contains thousands of airports and flights, read in from the OpenFlights database. 

We have four tests for Dijkstra’s Algorithm, two using the small graph, and two using the large graph. After running main, each test will save a vector of vertices representing the path, or an empty vector if there is no path. The printPath() method takes this and prints it. For the second and fourth test case, there is no path, so printPath() prints out “No path exists”. 

We have two tests for the BFS. The first uses the smaller graph and begins from a starting vertex. This iterates through the graph using BFS and prints out the found edges and vertices. This was checked manually to be a valid BFS. The other test uses the larger graph. This test uses Dijkstra’s Algorithm to ensure that any unvisited vertices are impossible to reach from the starting vertex, confirming the validity of the BFS. This naturally takes a very long time, so it is commented out, but still provided. 

We have two tests for the Ford-Fulkerson algorithm, one for the small graph and one for the large graph. The small graph’s test calculates the maximum flow from SEA to ORD, which was calculated manually to be 2. The large graph’s test calculates this same flow, but with many more flights. Bounds are also printed. To change the source and destination vertices, change the parameters in the function (Vertex source, Vertex dest). 
